added more to final appreach section (#37)
mickychetta/speed-miners: docs/final.md

Solving this problem of mining as many resources within a time frame may seem simple and using AI/ML to tackle this problem may seem excessive. In our peer review feedback, Professor Singh mentions that "just gathering resources is not that impressive since the agent can just learn to break as many blocks as possible". To solve this issue, we decided to penalize the agent in certain ways, such as penalizing the agent when it touches bedrock. Bedrock, in our environment, is found under the layer of resources and stone, so if too many blocks are broken, than the agent would be penalized. This is implemented in order for our agent to avoid falling into holes. We also weigh rewards for ores differently and set their distribution density accordingly, allowing for the agent to learn which ores to prioritize over others.

<br>

## Approaches

> In our baseline approach, we used a `6x6 `grid with only ores on the floor. The disadvantage of this approach is that our agent would always mine ores since our observation space always allowed the break action. When our agent fell into a hole, he was stuck there indefinitely because `jumpmove` had not been incorporated into our action space. This limited our agent from training effectively since we did not add any negative rewards to optimize the best mining. Also, there was only one graph of resources collected which didn't give any specific metrics to the different ores. The new approach we decided on was to penalized our agent for falling into lava, flowing lava, and bedrock. In this way, our agent will be trained to avoid these obstacles as they are mining valuable ores efficiently in our cave environment. The environment we used was a `20x20` grid with different type or ores and block types to simulate a real cave environment. With the additional `jumpmove` action, our agent is able to escape holes unlike our previous baseline approach. In addition, we added rails, gravel, and fixed the density of our rewards. The new rewards table is shown in the `Reward` section. Since adding lava, we added falling into lava as an additional terminal state. This will reset our agent and create accurate metrics and training data. We created 6 additional graphs of different ores to represent the amount mined per episode and total steps taken with function `log_resources_collected()`. This way is more accurate because there are more use cases that are covered and better reward tuning. We continued to use the RLlib library with different agents: PPO & DQN. We decided to compare the different agents to see how each AI/ML algorithm compares to each other. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our baseline approach, we used a `6x6 `grid with only ores on the floor. The disadvantage of this approach is that our agent would always mine ores since our observation space always allowed the break action. When our agent fell into a hole, he was stuck there indefinitely because `jumpmove` had not been incorporated into our action space. This limited our agent from training effectively since we did not add any negative rewards to optimize the best mining. Also, there was only one graph of resources collected which didn't give any specific metrics to the different ores. 

The new approach we decided on was to penalize our agent for falling into lava, flowing lava, and bedrock. In this way, our agent will be trained to avoid these obstacles as they are mining valuable ores efficiently in our cave environment. The environment we used was a `20x20` grid with different types of ores and block types to simulate a real cave environment. With the additional `jumpmove` action, our agent is able to escape holes unlike our previous baseline approach. In addition, we added rails, gravel, and fixed the density of our rewards. The new rewards table is shown in the `Reward` section. Since adding lava, we added falling into lava as an additional terminal state. This will reset our agent and create accurate metrics and training data. We created 6 additional graphs, each representing the collection of a different ore versus total steps taken; these graphs are constructed in function `log_resources_collected()`. These additional graphs provide more insight into the performance of our agent. We continued to use the RLlib library with different reinforcement learning algorithms: PPO and DQN. We decided to compare the different algorithms to see which resulted in better performance.
```
